not after dark aren't they my only top
did yeah oh my god
may that is unbelievable look at that
I'm really really interested in British
wildlife so I've asked Chris Packham on
a nature day yeah oh my god yeah it's
something different and I just think
people should learn about British nature
and stuff on that I'm hoping I'm gonna
see some cool wildlife today though the
pigeons I'm gonna barf their little
kitchen spa yeah it is underrated the
pigeon he's gonna be the best possible
person to this is actually on TV seeing
British wildlife as a job
[Music]
where we are on that one I can't see
there being much wildlife about he just
asked us to meet him in his cap in time
it's made me a little bit more excited
actually about with some secret little
wood somewhere
hello Chris I love you to me yeah how
are you I'm good thank you I'm good ten
minutes from here
you can see some pretty special stuff a
bit of urban bird-watching nice would be
a good start right and we're gonna go to
war from snow wetlands now it's a site
that's been there for a long time series
of all present worlds yep it's a top
spot to see some pretty special species
and in order to see it I've brought you
some binoculars Oh Thank You grace
therefore I'll be saying is it expands
giving me a pair of binoculars and I
watch it on TV also a little change
checklist here some of the species that
we might see hopefully will pick up a
few extras as we can have some extra
kites of the ticket ease off you know
when it's birds build their nests so you
spit as well than they some some of them
do some of these spider's web to tie it
together yeah they do
I see a lever in it here we are here we
are been looking forward to this I've
never been here
no I've Donna see I told mom okay I'll
meet you what about this nature date
then I mean I'm very couldn't least it's
better than all that I've always been
massively into sort of British wildlife
especially and I just thought you'll be
the perfect person I'm gonna learn loads
today I'll be telling facts to people
for the rest of the week
anyway loads of other people just take
you there hello
oh yeah you're right not really no more
than eight today no they don't know they
are but they're on an 8 today
to get started
bird-watching you do need a pair of
binoculars and you can spend a lot but
you don't need a flash pair you just
need something to get you started yeah a
lot of people presume that the most
important sense when you're
bird-watching there's obviously vision
yeah because you're spotting us but in
fact he's probably you're hearing really
yeah because you couldn't hear things
that you can't see obviously if they're
skulking around down in the foliage and
you pick it up quite quickly some birds
that produce you know very
characteristic calls some a little bit
more tricky magpie oh yeah oh I just saw
a great crested grebe as well
immediately up to the left of those just
on the bang it's in a month's and
vegetation oh my god how did you see
that I think your eyes have got
superzoom there's an expression we use
in birding by it's much about then much
about them imagine much about them like
telling each other what we've learned or
what we've seen even if we're just
bragging about yeah I'll be terrible
like you think you're not gonna believe
what I've just seen squirrel there look
you see my clothes
I love squirrels Jack I'm an honest
bloke so I've got to tell you the truth
about something
god I didn't see a single episode not a
single program Island not one did you
not and I'm the opposite I've watched
all your program all right now I feel
guilty now sorry you know I've got spree
much short and watch you know the really
wild show yeah but you know what I think
you'd do well on it weeks in a villa
funnily enough right I just sit at the
edge of the pool and a beanbag Jeremy
there's been so many on these beanbags
you'd have conversation with girls we as
arguments to stuff there's always drama
on these beanbags but I sit on them
right and watch the birds over the over
over the mountains and I see watch
obviously the Swift's and the swallows
come down and eat off the pole
I'd see that birds of prey that distance
and I just love it so I sort of turned
it a little part of it into my own
little little bird it was you just need
some binoculars
no block does it out I would you know
what I'd love to see in the reaction of
people Bob so everyone I'm packing their
case yeah and I'll just pop these out
that go right he's not coming in the
girls bathroom
[Music]
I'll take on honestly today Farkle
ticking bitter out today I'll be over
the moon giving up on the Peregrine yet
though keep arrogance are beyond their
than my god
superb that's brilliant
so that's the world's fastest animal
really yep
speeds in excess of 200 miles an hour
how can you not find this interesting is
that I love it much about then let's go
yeah we've just seen a peregrine up
there oh really I think because that I
think could probably dig me to see any
Peregrine's I really want to see the
king fish on just here you see that
fence post I've just come down Oh God
okay come down the wire from there look
at that
make that he's unbelievable look at that
oh this is what I wanted to see today
Oh God beautiful looking bird don't we
just tell you something astonishing
about that bird yeah
there's no blue pigment in that bird at
all all of that is what we call
structural color it's made by the way
that the light bounces through the
feathers
there's no pigment in there at all
really happy just dive did you what you
know
I can't believe ever to see now I
watching vibe that is amazing I said
that today I want to see a king fish I
can't Leo I just were there
we've had maillard obviously yet black
baby that black birth death yeah
dolphins we've seen Goldfinch twice so
those great tit yes right at the
beginning now I'm happy to say looking
fish art and big tick and a smiley face
on that mate peregrine falcon yes so we
basically done all day on that page part
from one and that's cool but it's fairly
rare I've had a great day today right
now I want to find the school coming
back it's fine at school but obviously I
wanna Karen it's got anymore
yeah I think the most important thing of
all gone now you hooked yeah is you got
a recruit someone else if I've recruited
you yeah and you've got a camera crew on
each of thousand people should we get
selfie yeah let's get a picture down
here a very picturesque you okay lovely
and there we are first successful night
today excellent I've loved it I've loved
it too thank you wait to meet a new
enthusiast oh and I am and I will find
that school I will find it so that was
my first nature dates I want you to go
and ask somebody on a night jet could be
someone you fancy could be one of your
friends you can find romance in nature
it's always something to talk about
you're not sitting opposite him over a
meal you're gonna yeah see - nature
heard that I success down as coatsy I
know now coat I've learned stuff today
use the hash tag nature dates to give me
your suggestions on where I should go on
my next nature day I've really enjoyed
this today